.TH pamusb-check 1 "September 12, 2007" "" "PAM_USB"

.SH NAME
\fBpamusb-check \fP- check if current pam_usb configuration authenticates given user
.SH SYNOPSIS
.nf
.fam C
Usage: \fIpamusb-check\fP [\fB--help\fP] [\fB--debug\fP] [\fB--config\fP=path] [\fB--service\fP=name] [\fB--dump\fP]
[\fB--quiet\fP] <username>
.fam T
.fi
.SH DESCRIPTION
\fIpamusb-check\fP can simulate authentication through the pam_usb engine.
It is useful for both testing purposes (to check the pam_usb configuration
without having to try with a
real program), but also for scripting. \fIpamusb-check\fP's exit code is 0 if the
authentication was successful, 1 otherwise.
It is used by pamusb-agent to check the device.
.SH EXAMPLES
$ \fIpamusb-check\fP scox
.IP \(bu 3
Authentication request for user "scox" (\fIpamusb-check\fP)
.IP \(bu 3
Device "creative" is connected (good).
.IP \(bu 3
Access granted.
.PP
$ \fIpamusb-check\fP \fB--service\fP=su scox
.IP \(bu 3
Authentication request for user "scox" (su)
.IP \(bu 3
Device "creative" is connected (good).
.IP \(bu 3
Access granted.
.PP
$ \fIpamusb-check\fP \fB--dump\fP scox
.PP
Configuration dump for user scox (service: \fIpamusb-check\fP):
.TP
.B
enable
: true
.TP
.B
debug
: false
.TP
.B
quiet
: false
.TP
.B
color_log
: true
.TP
.B
one_time_pad
: true
.TP
.B
probe_timeout
: 10
.TP
.B
hostname
: helium
.TP
.B
system_pad_directory
: .pamusb
.TP
.B
device_pad_directory
: .pamusb
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
.B
\fB--help\fP, \fB-h\fP
Show summary of options.
.TP
.B
\fB--debug\fP, \fB-D\fP
Shows debug messages.
.TP
.B
\fB--config\fP, \fB-c\fP
Use the given configuration file (defaults to /etc/pamusb.conf).
.B
\fB--service\fP, \fB-s\fP Service name to be used for authentication (defaults to
\fIpamusb-check\fP)
.TP
.B
\fB--dump\fP, \fB-d\fP
Dump the configuration, but do not try to authenticate
.TP
.B
\fB--quiet\fP, \fB-q\fP
Quiet mode
.SH BUGS
Please send bug reports to the pam_usb mailing list.
.SH AUTHOR
Andrea Luzzardi <scox@sig11.org>
